Update virtual-network-network-interface.md (#123354)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/virtual-network-network-interface.md

| **Name** | Enter a name for the NIC. | The name must be unique within the resource group. For information about creating a naming convention to make managing several NICs easier, see [Resource naming](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/azure-best-practices/naming-and-tagging#resource-naming). You can't change the name after you create the NIC. |
| **Region** | Select your region.| The Azure region where you create the NIC. |
| **Virtual network** | Select your virtual network. | You can assign a NIC only to a virtual network in the same subscription and location as the NIC. Once you create a NIC, you can't change the virtual network it's assigned to. The VM you add the NIC to must also be in the same location and subscription as the NIC. |

> | **Subnet** | Select a subnet within the virtual network you selected. | Each NIC can be assigned to only one subnet. You can change the subnet the NIC is assigned to after you create the NIC. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Subnet** | Select a subnet within the virtual network you selected. | An individual network interface can be assigned to only one subnet. You can change the subnet the network interface is assigned to after you create the NIC. |
```
